DOC-6384: Troubleshoot hanging or stuck queries on Serverless due to throttled RUs (#16984)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/troubleshooting-page.md

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
Using `sslmode=require` can leave your cluster vulnerable to MITM and impersonation attacks. For more information, see PostgreSQL's [SSL Support](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.4/libpq-ssl.html) document.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

## {{ site.data.products.serverless }}

### Hanging or stuck queries

> When you experience a hanging or stuck query using {{ site.data.products.serverless }}, the cause could be that [Request Units](learn-about-request-units.html), or RUs, are throttled. This can affect SQL Statements or cockroach CLI commands. On the [**Cluster Overview** page](cluster-overview-page.html), under **Usage this month**, **Request Units**, you see displayed the word **THROTTLED**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you experience a hanging or stuck query using {{ site.data.products.serverless }}, the cause could be that you've reached your [resource limit](learn-about-pricing.html#choosing-resource-limits) for [Request Units](learn-about-request-units.html) or storage space. This can affect SQL Statements or `cockroach` CLI commands. To check your cluster's status, navigate to the [**Cluster Overview** page](cluster-overview-page.html) in the Cloud Console. In the **Usage this month** section, you will see your resource usage and limits. If you've used all your storage, your cluster will be labeled **THROTTLED*, and you will only be able to delete data. If you've used all your RUs, your cluster will be **DISABLED**.
```

Author: included suggestion

<h4>Solution</h4>

> You can either (1) [increase the RU limit](learn-about-pricing.html#choosing-resource-limits) and then re-run the query or (2) wait until the next billing cycle when [free RUs](learn-about-pricing.html#free-vs-paid-usage) become available and then re-run the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've reached your storage or RU limit, you can [increase your resource limits](serverless-cluster-management.html#edit-your-resource-limits) and then re-run the query.

If you've only reached your RU limit, you can wait until the next billing cycle when [monthly free RUs](learn-about-pricing.html#free-vs-paid-usage) become available and then re-run the query.
```

Author: included suggestion
